TPS (Think per share) 
TPS Activity 1:
    TPS partners' names:
                    unknown.
                    unknown.
                    unknown.
                    unknown.
TPS  Activity 2:
    1. How can you open a terminal from your Linux computer?
        Once having everything installed of terminal preference
        one can search ubunutu(or ones' preferred/ downloaded terminal) 
        on their windows search bar and open the terminal by clicking on it.

a. Can you open more than 1 terminal at the same time?
        It is possible to have more than one terminal open.
b. Why do you think you want to open more than 1 terminal at the same time?
        Possibly to handle different programs whether theyre doing different
        task or working towards the same goal.
2. In the terminal, how can you tell what are contents inside the current directory (i.e., what is the
command)?
        The command to tell what contents are inside the current directory
        would be "ls"
3. From your current directory, how can you navigate to Desktop directory?
        The way i'm currently coding is opening ubuntu terminal
        and by typing code I open window studio. In windows studio
        i make a directory and c files for the class/lab needs.
4. While you are in Desktop, create a new directory called CSE31. How do you do this?
        Either open visual studio by typing "code" in ubuntu terminal or
        from the terminal you can do "mkdir CSE31"
TPS Activity 3:
   1)
        1) https://salmenzouari.medium.com/how-to-compile-and-run-c-program-in-linux-using-gcc-b58ab78a5f53
        2)https://raspberrypi.stackexchange.com/questions/9681/trying-to-execute-a-out-returns-bash-a-out-command-not-found
    3) "gcc main.c"
    4) no errors are given and a.out file appears which makes me run it
        by typing ./a.out
5)What does the –c flag do in gcc?
  -  "gcc -c filename" compiles source files without linking.
  - This compilation generatES main.o object file.
6) What does the –g flag do in gcc?
    gcc -g generates debug information to be used by GDB debugger.
7. How do you change the executable name from main to cselab1?
changing it directly.
8. What happens when you compile your code by typing gcc main.c only?
compiles without linking
